I have to deal with a difficult situation with a solicitor. So, I'm in the process of buying a property and the solicitor has been, from my end, quite really difficult to, like, interact with. Especially, it feels like after a few interactions, it feels like sometimes you are being misled. He would say that he has done one thing and then, like, later on, things emerge that make you feel like, hold on, the stories are not lining. So, he has not been doing it. So, basically, like, things have been going very slowly. But then also, then, whenever it moves, I got the feeling that I'm being misled and, like, my best interest is not being protected. So, it's a difficult situation. However, it's also a large transaction that I need to, like, obviously get done in a good manner, not just, like, rushing it. So, I had to have the difficult conversation with the person and just call him out on the occasion. Like, well, you just told me that, like, you have a problem with such and such, but I'm pretty sure last month you told me it was all right and that it's actually done. So, what actually happened? So, yeah, it was tricky, but then, like, after all, it was a professional relationship. They are being paid by me to do what they are supposed to be doing. And when they are not doing it, then I think it's normal for you to have that conversation as a customer. But, yeah, it's something that really let me down. I feel like when you are engaging with, like, a solicitor, in a way you are engaging with an expert on, like, areas that you are not having an expertise on. So, you expect that they will, like, in a way almost lead you. Not, like, forcing you to do anything, obviously, but then, like, giving you all the options, laying out all the options, like, properly based on their expertise. And then, like, giving you all the pros and cons, and then you can, like, choose whichever you reckon is the best way for you to proceed. But I just don't think that's the case with this person. So, yeah, that was not pleasant.