The challenge I have recently is with my partner. He has, I think for over two years now, he has walked out of a relationship. Although he didn't end it, he walked out. So, I gave him the cold shoulder. Me and my daughter, he comes to visit us where we are like once or twice a year. Actually, he comes to see his child, not me. And most of our interaction has been around our child and has been on WhatsApp messages. But most of the time we are accusing each other of so many things. So, we never come to a resolution. And then recently, I think it was last week that we started again. Initially, I ignored him and then I responded to him to the point that I told him that I am no longer your partner, that you should not be interacting with me. And we keep on going on and on. I discovered that I spent seven hours on WhatsApp, arguing and shouting on each other. And it was so stressful for me. I decided that I am not going to accept any of his communication anymore. No matter what happens, I'm not going to respond because it was so stressful to me. I didn't block him from WhatsApp, but I just did not respond. So, he called me. I think he called me about three or four times or even more than that last week. I already put a note on my phone when he calls me to automatically disconnect him. And also, on my WhatsApp, he sent me messages. I did not respond. I did not click on it. I did not accept it. I did not read it. It's still marked as unread. And then he sent me voice messages. I did not open it. So, throughout last week, I think maybe the communication that he sent me was about 10 or 12, none of which I responded to. Which, actually, my stress levels just went down. I don't feel anxious anymore. I don't feel overwhelmed anymore. I don't feel... Because in the past, if I respond to him, then my response is going to send me a negative message. I respond negatively, and then it's almost like we are in a virtual boxing ring. So, I just decided that no matter what he sent, I'm not going to respond. And I felt much better. I don't have to waste seven hours going back and forth. I'm not going to come to a resolution. So, I decided that I'm just going to give him the silent treatment.